Add clarity for lines and duplicate boxes (#305)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

In order to accommodate as many Transparency Service implementations as possible, this document only specifies the format of Signed Statements (which must be used by all Issuers) and a very thin wrapper format for Receipts, which specifies the Transparency Service identity and the agility parameters for the Signed Inclusion Proofs.
Most of the details of the Receipt's contents are specified in the COSE Signed Merkle Tree Proof document {{-COMETRE}}.

> {{fig-concept-relationship}} illustrates two Transparency Services and two Receipts as a single Signed Statement MAY be registered on more than one Transparency Service.

Author: Based on the result of #300, this text may be at the bottom of that merged text.
Or, if the text solves #268, this may make sense to move to the bottom of the diagram.

Each Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
A Transparent Statement MAY contain multiple Receipts, for each Transparency Service it was successfully Registered.

The arrows indicate the flow of information.

> For example, Credentials are used to Sign Statements and Verify Signed Statements within the Transparency Service.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, Credentials are used to produce Signed Statements and the Transparency Service verifies the Signed Statements.
```

> The Transparency Service produces a Receipt, which MAY be combined with a Signed Statement to create a Transparent Statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
A Receipt combined with a Signed Statement creates a Transparent Statement.
```

> To Verify a Transparent Statement, credentials are required to authenticate the protected content of the Transparent Statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify a Transparent Statement, credentials are required to authenticate the protected content of the Transparent Statement.
```

Reviewer: Which implies that you actually checking the signature of the Signed Statement?

Would "verifying" a Transparent Statement not mean to check Signed Statement signature and Receipt signature?

In order to accommodate as many Transparency Service implementations as possible, this document only specifies the format of Signed Statements (which must be used by all Issuers) and a very thin wrapper format for Receipts, which specifies the Transparency Service identity and the agility parameters for the Signed Inclusion Proofs.
Most of the details of the Receipt's contents are specified in the COSE Signed Merkle Tree Proof document {{-COMETRE}}.

{{fig-concept-relationship}} illustrates two Transparency Services and two Receipts as a single Signed Statement MAY be registered on more than one Transparency Service.
Each Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
A Transparent Statement MAY contain multiple Receipts, for each Transparency Service it was successfully Registered.

The arrows indicate the flow of information.
For example, Credentials are used to produce Signed Statements and the Transparency Service verifies the Signed Statements.
The Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
A Receipt combined with a Signed Statement creates a Transparent Statement.

> To verify a Transparent Statement, credentials are required to authenticate the protected content of the Transparent Statement.

Reviewer: Wouldn't that mean that you are actually only checking the signature of the Signed Statement, as the "unprotected content" is not checked?

Author: Resolved with committed suggestion

> To verify a Transparent Statement, credentials are required to authenticate the protected content of the Transparent Statement.

Author: ```suggestion
To verify a Transparent Statement, credentials are required to authenticate the Signed Statement and the Receipts of the Transparent Statement.
```

  * retrieve Transparent Statements for analysis of Statements about Artifacts themselves (e.g. verification);
  * or replay all the Transparent Statements to check for the consistency of the Transparency Service's Append-only Log (e.g. auditing)

> In addition, {{fig-concept-relationship}} illustrates two Transparency Services and two Receipts as a single Signed Statement MAY be registered on more than one Transparency Service.
> Each Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
> A Transparent Statement MAY contain multiple Receipts, for each Transparency Service it was successfully Registered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, {{fig-concept-relationship}} illustrates two Transparency Services and two Receipts as a single Signed Statement MAY be registered with more than one Transparency Service.
Each Transparency Service produces a Receipt.
A Transparent Statement MAY contain multiple Receipts, for each Transparency Service it was successfully registered with.
```
